Added service invocation examples (#536)
dapr/quickstarts: service_invocation/go/http/README.md

> # Dapr Service Invocation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Service Invocation
```

> In this quickstart, you'll create a checkout service and a order processor service to demonstrate how Dapr enables a service invocation pattern. The checkout service will use Dapr's http proxying capability to invoke a method in the order processing service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this quickstart, you'll create a checkout service and an order processor service to demonstrate how to use the service invocation API. The checkout service uses Dapr's http proxying capability to invoke a method on the order processing service.
```

> In this quickstart, you'll create a checkout service and a order processor service to demonstrate how Dapr enables a service invocation pattern. See [Why Service-Invocation](#why-service-invocation) to understand when this pattern might be a good choice for your software architecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this quickstart, you'll create a checkout service and a order processor service to demonstrate how Dapr enables a service invocation pattern. 
```

> Visit [this](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/service-invocation/) link for more information about Dapr and Service Invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [this](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/service-invocation/) link for more information about Dapr and service invocation.
```

This quickstart includes one checkout service:

- Go client service `checkout` 

> And one order-processor service: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And one order processor service: 
```
